Everything was going fine in my marriage, also I thought.
My ex-husband was this fellowship, left home, and in less than a month, we divorced.
Right after the divorce, I had to figure out how I would provide for the girls, and so
I began working as a cleaner.
I also had to provide for them spiritually, but many times, because of discouragement
and tiredness, I couldn't be there for them as much as they needed me to be.
Besides all of this, I also had to deal with very negative feelings.
It was a very difficult time in my life.
I had never been so sick, I couldn't even get up to go to the hospital.
To cope with this problem, I just kept praying.
I was not able to walk, and I was not able to get to the meetings.
The elders realized that I was missing from the meetings.
The elders quickly came to my aid.
I remember that one of the things that touched me the most, was when the elders read a scripture.
Some under the thirty-nine verse three, you observe me when I travel and when I lie down.
You are familiar with all my ways.
I realized that I am precious to Jehovah.
It was as if Jehovah was healing me.
I now knew that Jehovah was interested in me and that he was looking after me.
He was making sure that I knew it.
Something else that I remember fondly was after a meeting at the Kinamo.
One of the elders gave me some scriptures to read at home and said that if we needed
any help, the elders were there for us.
Two elders lovingly came to see me because Jehovah uses them as shepherds.
I live very far from the Kingdom home, but the brothers made the sacrifice to get public transport,
get off at the main road, and from there, they walked forty minutes to reach my house.
I don't know what I would have done.
When the elders arrived, they listened to me.
They cried with me and they read the Bible with me.
Jehovah loves me.
When I started to feel better, I went back to the group.
I was really happy to be back with my brothers.
Now, after all the help we have received, we are doing well.
The congregation is our second home and we feel very good there.
Everything I have today, I owe to the brothers and sisters, especially the elders.
I see shepherding calls as a very evident way in which Jehovah demonstrates his full love for us.
I understand at times that these visits might be a challenge for the elders,
but the results are really good.
Without a doubt, they can see that all the work and all the effort is worthwhile.
I will never forget the help I received from the elders.
This situation taught me that Jehovah will not let his sheep get lost,
not even one.
Jeremiah 23 verse 4 says,
And I will raise up over them shepherds, who will really shepherd them.
They will no longer be afraid or be terrified,
and none will be missing.
Declare is Jehovah.